I need you to plan a system wide development that will enable me to extend the multivariable surface plotting suite in MATLAB. In this version of the system, I need all of the experiment plots implemented in plotter.py, to swap the protocol colours for b92 and e91: 'B92':  '#ff9500', 'E91':  '#22a043'. these colours should be changed system wide for the curves and threshold lines, and legend markers, only for the plots made using matplotlib (do not change the colour of the tsirelson bound threshold line for the e91 CHSH plot), and  not the MATLAB script. The second main feature I need is to extend the multivariable plotting suite to include two new surface plots, along side the QBER surface plot for each protocol; the first will have 2 surfaces on the same plot, with one surface representing Alice and Bob's mutual information in relation to noise strength and eve intensity, and the other surface will present  Alice and Eve's mutual information in relation to noise strength and eve intensity, with the idea being that the interception of these surfaces will represent the point at which security can no longer be guaranteed. The second new plot will present the Secure Key rate surface, in relation to noise strength and eve intensity. This data will need to align to the CSV format of the data currently exported from the python for the MATLAB script, and it must also correspond to the exact same independent variables, so add new columns to the exported csv files, and reconfigure the MATLAB script to enable this newly formatted csv file to be processed. this should bring the type of surface plots to: 1. QBER surface, 2. Mutual Information surfaces, 3. Secure Key Rate surface, I then want a gaussian smoothed version for each of these three plot types. Critically, this should enable the generation of 6 surface plots for bb84, and 6 surface for b92. I want to ensure that the colour gradient scheme currently used in v3, translates to v4, with the exception of the mutual information plots, as they contain 2 surfaces, it may be best to have each surface as a single colour, but I will leave you to reason and decide what would be best. This should in turn create a v4 MATLAB script, a v2 of the csv file exports for bb84, and b92 (I want to keep the original v1 data), and any other new versions you deem necessary. these new experiments will use the same config files as v3 for experiment, for consistency, create duplicate conifgs named v4. 